ENH:adding sp1k4-att-rtd into sp1k4 gui (#1181)
pcdshub/pcdsdevices: docs/source/upcoming_release_notes/1181-adding_sp1k4-att-rtd.rst

1181 adding sp1k4-att-rtd
#################

API Breaks
----------
- N/A

Features
--------

> - Adding sp1k4-att-rtd on the sp1k4 gui

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Adds attenuator RTD temperatures to sp1k4, for display in GUI.
```

Device Updates
--------------
- N/A

New Devices
-----------
- N/A

Bugfixes
--------
- N/A

Maintenance
-----------
- N/A

Contributors
------------

> - @tongju12

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- tongju12
```
